---
layout: post
title: 2022 Nevada General Election
feature-img: "assets/img/capitol-resize.PNG"
---

On October 26, 2022, researchers with the Nevada Election Survey Project released the results of a poll conducted ahead of the midterm elections in the state of Nevada. The poll, conducted in October prior to ballots arriving in Nevadan mailboxes, shows that many key races in the state remain close. Among likely voters, Governor Steve Sisolak holds a minor lead over Joe Lombardo (47% to 45%), the difference is within the margin of error. In the closely watched Senate race, the sample suggests that Senator Cortez Masto is leading her challenger Adam Laxalt. In the sample of roughly 600 likely voters in Nevada, 52% say they plan to vote for Cortez Masto, and 39% for Adam Laxalt, aith 5% of likely voters undecided. 

Here is an excerpt from the Press Release:

> Catherine Cortez Masto’s large lead reflects less Republican voter enthusiasm for Adam Laxalt’s candidacy compared to Joe Lombardo and other Republican candidates. Among likely Republican voters, 74% said they planned to support Laxalt, compared to 83% for Lombardo, and 88% for their Republican House of Representatives candidate. More Republicans also plan to support Cortez Masto than other Democrats on the ballot. Even if this sample of Nevadans is unusually supportive of the incumbent senator, lower support among any likely Republican voters for Laxalt, in what others have polled as a very tight race, is noteworthy.

You can read more about the methodology of the survey and get more about Nevadans' views on other races and ballot measures by clicking on "Survey Reports" at the top of the page. The authors of the study can be reached at nesp@unr.edu.
